Add one more option to invalid_request if none of the valid options is provided (#101)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

`invalid_request`:

> - The request contains none or more than one out of the following three options to communicate a requested Credential: a `presentation_definition` parameter, a `presentation_definition_uri` parameter, or a scope value representing a Presentation Definition.

Reviewer: We may want to make it clearer that a wallet isn't *required* to return an error in the 'none of' case (but is required to return an error in the "more than one" case). [As the wallet may support other protocols, e.g. SIOPv2]

Author: In the context of OpenID4VP it is required to provide one of the options, otherwise it is not an OpenID4VP request. Especially, I would expect an error if response_type is vp_token. I agree that for response_type code, the situation is different. If the request is also a SIOPv2 request using vp_token id_token, then I would still expect an error.

Author: Perhaps we should think about a dedicated scope value that clearly defines that the request is an OpenID4VP request?

Author: I updated the language in the PR. Would you agree with the new language @jogu ?

> - The request uses the `vp_token` Response Type and contains none or more than one out of the following three options to communicate a requested Credential: a `presentation_definition` parameter, a `presentation_definition_uri` parameter, or a scope value representing a Presentation Definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The request uses the `vp_token` Response Type but contains none or more than one out of the following three options to communicate a requested Credential: a `presentation_definition` parameter, a `presentation_definition_uri` parameter, or a scope value representing a Presentation Definition.
```
this feels more natural to me..?

> - The request uses the `vp_token` Response Type but contains none or more than one out of the following three options to communicate a requested Credential: a `presentation_definition` parameter, a `presentation_definition_uri` parameter, or a scope value representing a Presentation Definition.

Reviewer: I think we've ended up in the situation where response=code + presentation_definition + presentation_definition_uri is no longer defined to return invalid_request. I suggest splitting the bullet points up:

```suggestion
- The request contains more than one out of the following three options to communicate a requested Credential: a `presentation_definition` parameter, a `presentation_definition_uri` parameter, or a scope value representing a Presentation Definition.
- The request uses the `vp_token` Response Type but does not request a Credential using any of the three options
```
